I
I'll tell you what Steve is accidentally
leg a start out here it is can I it is
Sookie nothing been rubbing out here
because they can say comes cheers and
logistics got the job
that was an awesome show we got a ride
right there that was as good at opening
night spaceship any race track anywhere
is good to have yes sir from the back
jack is right he really got the job done
he used every lap he used every part of
bass track in the whole planet
Potter warp
you spread out early you had to go to
the back of the pack you find yourself
back through even had a little gypsum
allow that just X car here surprise
visit is attractive aight you got it all
done yeah I'm really happy for the guys
you know a lot of things going on my own
life this year and just haven't had my
head on straight not to drive very good
and I proved that the start of the
feature tonight but finally I think the
so clear things and we'll get going they
were tired of me it's a long weekend
draw your tonight they all work today
and this one's for that might give three
report away this year since it's for the
boys good stuff a lot of competition
restart after restart that only helps a
guy coming from the back we were lucky
tonight I mean when you go to the back
with this many cars it's no I just got
lucky too cautious felt the right time
when I was in the outside lane almost
every restart which makes a big
difference that things just went our way
mean it just I don't stuff verdana I
gave a beach away a cannon last weekend
same thing I got leading the race and
late in the race is on the wrong lane
and Billy Decker caught me on the
outside it's you know it's hard to do
when you're lead you don't know where
the other guy is going to be probably
pick the right spot tonight you win the
motors machining welding block tonight
730 truckstop they're here tonight all
the people put gypsum dual scratch
milestone concrete's with us this year
it's a great bunch of sponsors bed been
around forever good stuff hover the
other pack get the knowledge rather than
make
you